0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, before:

#Here is a project about Shell I/O redirections and filters

#Here are some scripts and their descriptions

- script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output.(./0-hello_world)
- script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'.(./1-confused_smiley)
- Display the content of the /etc/passwd file.(./2-hellofile) 
- Display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts (./3-twofiles)
- Display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd (./4-lastlines)
- Display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd (./5-firstlines)
- Write a script that displays the third line of the file iacta (./6-third_line)
- script that creates a file named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending by a new line (./7-file)
- script that writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it. (./8-cwd_state)
- script that duplicates the last line of the file iacta. (./9-duplicate_last_line)
-  script that deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders.(./10-no_more_js)
- script that counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory.(./11-directories)
- script that displays the 10 newest files in the current directory.(./12-newest_files )
-

Commit message:

Being unique is better than being perfect

0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, after:

#Here is a project about Shell I/O redirections and filters

#Here are some scripts and their descriptions

- script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output.(./0-hello_world)
- script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'.(./1-confused_smiley)
- Display the content of the /etc/passwd file.(./2-hellofile) 
- Display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts (./3-twofiles)
- Display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd (./4-lastlines)
- Display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd (./5-firstlines)
- Write a script that displays the third line of the file iacta (./6-third_line)
- script that creates a file named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending by a new line (./7-file)
- script that writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it. (./8-cwd_state)
- script that duplicates the last line of the file iacta. (./9-duplicate_last_line)
-  script that deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders.(./10-no_more_js)
- script that counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory.(./11-directories)
- script that displays the 10 newest files in the current directory.(./12-newest_files )
- script that takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once.

Input format: One line, one word
Output format: One line, one word
Words should be sorted (./13-unique )
-
