0x00-shell_basics/README.md, before:

#Shell basics

Our project concern is to develop some scripts, so this document is for describing what each script is doing.

#Scripts
	- A script that prints the absolute path name of the current working directory
	- A script that displays the contents list of my current directory
	- A script that changes working directory to the user's home directory
	- A script that Displays a current directory contents in a long format
	- A script that Displays the current directory content including the hidden ones
	- A script that Displays a a long format, with user and group ID's numerically including hidden files. here we are displaying a directory content
	- A script that creates a directory named my_first_directory in the /tmp/ directory
	- A script that move a file named Betty from /tmp to /tmp/my_first_directory
	- A script that delete named betty from /tmp/my_first_directory
	- A script that delete a repository /my_first_directory which inside a /tmp directory
	- A script tha Write a script that changes the working directory to the previous one.
	- A script that Write a script that lists all files (even ones with names beginning with a period character, which are normally hidden) in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory (in this order), in long format.
	- A script that  Write a script that prints the type of the file named iamafile. The file iamafile will be in the /tmp directory when we will run your script.

Commit message:

Create a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__. The symbolic link should be created in the current working directory

0x00-shell_basics/README.md, after:

#Shell basics

Our project concern is to develop some scripts, so this document is for describing what each script is doing.

#Scripts
	- A script that prints the absolute path name of the current working directory
	- A script that displays the contents list of my current directory
	- A script that changes working directory to the user's home directory
	- A script that Displays a current directory contents in a long format
	- A script that Displays the current directory content including the hidden ones
	- A script that Displays a a long format, with user and group ID's numerically including hidden files. here we are displaying a directory content
	- A script that creates a directory named my_first_directory in the /tmp/ directory
	- A script that move a file named Betty from /tmp to /tmp/my_first_directory
	- A script that delete named betty from /tmp/my_first_directory
	- A script that delete a repository /my_first_directory which inside a /tmp directory
	- A script tha Write a script that changes the working directory to the previous one.
	- A script that Write a script that lists all files (even ones with names beginning with a period character, which are normally hidden) in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory (in this order), in long format.
	- A script that Write a script that prints the type of the file named iamafile. The file iamafile will be in the /tmp directory when we will run your script.
	- A script that Create a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__. The symbolic link should be created in the current working directory.
